Mae mcloud 5863 integration environment (#7369)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/architecture/starter-architecture.md

{:.bs-callout-warning}
We highly recommend testing every merchant and customer interaction in the Staging environment prior to deploying to the Production environment. See [Deploy your store][] and [Test deployment][].

## Integration environment {#cloud-arch-int}

Developers use the Integration environment to develop, deploy, and test:

-  Magento application code
-  Custom code
-  Extensions
-  Services

You can have **one** active Integration environment. You create the Integration environment by creating a branch from the Staging branch. When you create an Integration environment, the environment name matches the branch name. An integration environment includes a web server and a database. It does not include all services, for example Fastly CDN and New Relic are not available.

You can have an unlimited number of inactive branches for code storage. To access, view, and test an inactive branch, you must activate it.

{% include cloud/note-enhanced-integration-envs-kb.md%}

## Production and Staging technology stack {#technology}

> The Production and Staging environments include the following technologies. You can modify and configure these technologies through the [`.magento.app.yaml`][] file.

Reviewer: This link is broken.

Reviewer: The link definition for this does not include the period, so you will have to do something like the following:

```suggestion
The Production and Staging environments include the following technologies. You can modify and configure these technologies through the [`.magento.app.yaml`][magento.app.yaml] file.
```

Author: ah I understand now -- there were two occurrences, and I only fixed one of them.

-  Fastly for HTTP caching and CDN
-  Nginx web server speaking to PHP-FPM, one instance with multiple workers
-  Redis server
-  Elasticsearch for searching for {{site.data.var.ece}} 2.2 and later

### Services {#cloud-arch-services}

{{site.data.var.ece}} currently supports the following services: PHP, MySQL (MariaDB), Elasticsearch (Magento 2.2.x and later), Redis, and RabbitMQ.

> Each service runs in its own secure container. Containers are managed together in the project. Some services are built-in, such as the following:

Reviewer: I've never been a fan of "It's own". I always think of "getting out of one's own way". 

```suggestion
Each service runs in a separate, secure container. Containers are managed together in the project. Some services are standard, such as the following:
```

-  HTTP router (handling incoming requests, but also caching and redirects)
-  PHP application server
-  Git
-  Secure Shell (SSH)

> You can even have multiple applications running in the same project. Building a microservice oriented architecture with {{site.data.var.ee}} is as easy as managing a monolithic application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can have multiple applications running in the same project. Building a microservice-oriented architecture with {{site.data.var.ee}} is as easy as managing a monolithic application.
```

### Software versions {#cloud-arch-software}

{{site.data.var.ece}} uses the Debian GNU/Linux operating system and the [NGINX](https://glossary.magento.com/nginx) web server. You cannot upgrade this software, but you can configure versions for the following:

-  [PHP][]
-  [MySQL][]
-  [Redis][]
-  [RabbitMQ][]
-  [Elasticsearch][]

In the Staging and Production environments, you use Fastly for CDN and caching. When your environment is initially provisioned, we install the latest version of the Fastly CDN extension for Magento. You can upgrade the extension to get the latest bug fixes and improvements. See [Fastly CDN module for Magento 2][]. You also have access to [New Relic][] for performance management.

You use the following files to configure the software versions that you want to use in your implementation.

> -  [`.magento.app.yaml`][magento.app.yaml]

Reviewer: This link works just fine. So I suggested this for the broken one above. If you change the link definition, then you'd have to change both links. But the suggestion above should be okay.

-  [`routes.yaml`][routes.yaml]
-  [`services.yaml`][services.yaml]

### Backup and disaster recovery {#backup}

You can create a snapshot of your database and file system using the Project Web Interface or the CLI. The snapshot includes your deployed code, installed software and services, and data. See [Snapshots and backup management][].

## Prepare for development {#develop}

The following workflow summarizes the process to branch your code, develop, and deploy your store:

> -  Set up your local environment

Reviewer: These could probably be numbered. They do seem to be in a logical order and it would differentiate from the list after it.  Or, it could move to the Starter Architecture section with graphic to explain the workflow.

-  Clone the `master` branch from the Project to your local environment
-  Create a `staging` branch from `master`
-  Create branches for development from `staging`
-  Push code to Git that builds and deploys to an environment for testing

See the following sections for detailed instructions and walk-throughs to develop, test, and deploy your store:

-  [Starter develop and deploy workflow][]
-  [Docker development][] (local development environment enabled by {{site.data.var.mcd-prod}})
-  [Manage branches][]
-  [Deploy your store][]
-  [Site launch][]

<!--Link definitions-->

> [Deploy your store]: {{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/live/stage-prod-live.html

Reviewer: Long definition lists like this are easier to manage if you alphabetize. Just a thought.
